AI Usage Joural
Atena Nikbakht
anikbakh@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0202

Week 1:
This week I used AI when brainstorming for ideas for an essay. I 
brainstormed for my Iranian cinema class what topics relevant to modern 
cinema I can write about. 
Additionally, I used Ai to help me with some doing techniques that I was not 
familiar with. Such as the max() function. I asked it to explan what this 
function is and what it is mostly used for. I then used the information it 
gave me to apply to the exercises assignment. I try my best not to use Ai for 
enviornmental and academic reasons. Only when I feel Ai would benefit me most 
do I utilize it.

Week 2:
This week I asked AI to explain the not function to me. I asked it to provide
it in simple terms and then provide me with examples of how it can be used. 
I also experimented with AI for marketing and creative materials. I provided it
with a screenshot of a poster I was making and asked what changes I could make 
to make it better. I used ChatGpt but didn't really enjoy the result it gave me.
It did not provide me with visual feedback but rather text-based feedback. I am
still searching for a better AI tool for creative work.

Week 3:
This week I used AI to help me with my BSCI135 class. I had a pre-lab reading
and quiz to do and as I have not studied biology much I wanted to make sure 
that I was understanding the material. I asked AI to explplain to me things 
such as gametes and zygotes. I also used it to teach me some Python functions 
that I did not know for the week 3 Exercises such as the purpose of triple 
quotation marks and args and kwargs from the lecture.

Week 4:
This week I used AI to help me with my statistics course. I utilized it to 
check my work when calculating z-score and checking for bugs in my code for R. 
As I also had an exam for my biology course, I at times used AI to explain 
certain topics and concepts. I feel that I did not use AI as much this week
as I was studying for my exam and most of the material was one lecture slides.

Week 5:
This week I used AI for similar things I have been using it for. For example,
I had a presentation for my Persian cinema class and asked it to explain some
more complex texts from our textbook. It helped me in giving a more thorough 
presentation. I also asked it to help me with this week's exercises and asked
it to explain the protection concepts we learn to make sure I fully understood 
them.

Week 6:
This week I used AI in developing our groups's Project 01. I used AI to check for
bugs in my teammates' code as I was the project manager and in charge of submitting
a good body of work. I also used AI in aiding me in the Persian cinema class to help
me in developing my scene analysis essay. I asked it to give me examples of what a
good essay would look like alongside the criteria/rubric I was given.

